npcrange objective (#1370)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
### Fixes
- The Autoupdater got a small fix, and the fail safety for broken downloads was improved

> - `npcrange` objective does not throw errors anymore when the player is in a different world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `npcrange` objective does not throw errors when the player is in a different world than the NPC
```
